A common mistake that you'll run into when you're building full stack web applications with an IDE like
cursor.
Sometimes it won't produce the react components or the functions in your preferred style.
The easy way to fix this is to make sure that as you encounter these errors or mistakes throughout your
development workflow, to continually add these to the cursor rules file.
So think of it like this.
Whenever a cursor makes a mistake, you log that mistake in the cursor rules file, either locally for
a project or globally in your cursor settings, and then over time, your cursor rules file becomes
an extension of how you like to code and what types of preferred ways of styling you have for your functionality.
This means that you're less likely to experiencing styling errors in the future.
Let's demo this by building a react component inside of a page.
So we've got an XJS application here.
We've got a page dot TSX.
Let's also say generate a Hello World component.
And we've just used command K for this.
And we can see here I've actually got a React.fc.
This is a good example of good styling.
Let's say we wanted to have all of our exports with export const.
We could do that by updating the cursor rules okay.
So we've updated the cursor rules.
So giving a bad example with an export default and a good example with a return with the export const.
Now we're going to try and recreate that Hello World component inside of the page TSX.
So we're just going to go here and say make a new Hello World component and export it.
So now you can see that cursor is immediately following our cursor rules file.
So as you run into styling errors whilst you're developing your applications, add these incrementally
to cursor rules so that you can avoid them in the future.